#summary Development Environment Setup Guidelines.

= Introduction =

The project was compiled and tested on Windows XP SP2 and Vista machines. Though the OS and IDE is proprietary, the project itself uses only open source third party libraries.

Please report any problem to borisusun@gmail.com, if you are experiencing problems compiling the project on other windows version, or you are interested to port it to a different platform.

Be advised that currently it can be built in debug configuration only.

= Dependencies =

The library depends on 

 # [http://www.boostpro.com/boost_1_34_1_setup.exe boost 1.34.1] - Pre-built libraries are available to download. Download it and update your IDE include and library options.
 # [http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=77960733-06e9-47ba-914a-844575031b81&displaylang=en&Hash=CcIBpQJsJa1DOXc2imj%2bmIpBqkTgxLUszkebWkoLZxD7K5rpGv%2brjs0G6OSqxRApDNx2XdMe43273oj%2fW2PtQw%3d%3d Microsoft® DirectX® 9.0 SDK] and its  [http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=8af0afa9-1383-44b4-bc8b-7d6315212323&displaylang=en&Hash=p2iTo8GEjAa7FfiDPjtSprxBZdgjczobuXQ65S28bJfndIx0RvfEZ9WhLP7Lut7a36MERsdyq3P5r1gbr6VkXA%3d%3d Extras]- mediastreamer2 needs this to compile. .Download it and update your IDE include and library options.

These are pretty big dependencies well over 100Mb in complete installation each. Obviously I couldn't include them into subversion tree. As a rule on how to simplify building process will be warmly accepted

Other project dependencies:-
 # [http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/projects/ofa/c++csp/doc/installation.html C++CSP]
 # [http://www.lua.org lua]
 # [http://www.resiprocate.org resiprocate 1.4.1]
 # [http://www.codeproject.com/KB/recipes/JSON_Spirit.aspx json spirit]
 # [http://www.linphone.org/index.php/eng/code_review/mediastreamer2 mediastreamer2]
 # [http://www.live555.com/ live555]
 # [http://www.keplerproject.org Lua SQL - Kepler Project]

are either included into subversion tree completely or by means of subversion externals.

= Setup =

 # Checkout altalena code in <project root>\altalena- see instructions [http://code.google.com/p/altalena/source/checkout here]. Write to administrator if you want to become a member of development team.
 # Add <project root>\kentcsp\kentcsp\src to include library in IDE options tab
 # Unzip the mediastreamer2 library. Important! You should unzip it exactly in the same directory where it is located. ("Extract here" on most zip tools)
 # Copy <root project>\mediastreamer2.def to <root project>\C:\altalena\altalena\mediastreamer2-antisip-4.3.3-rc2\mediastreamer2\build\win32native\mediastreamer2.def. Change "Export Library Dependencies" linker option in libmsilb, mediastreamer2, ortp projects to "No".
 # Open <root project>\solutions\altalena_all\altalena_all.sln.
 # To exculde the following warning from compilation output:

{{{
cppcsp.h(167) : warning C4005: '_WIN32_WINNT' : macro redefinition
}}} 
   Please enclose _WIN32_WINNT macro definition in cppcsp.h file within #ifdef macro

{{{
#ifndef _WIN32_WINNT
 #define _WIN32_WINNT 0x0403
#endif
}}}

 # iw_run should be a start up project

= Start = 

 Configuration file is located in <project root>\iw_run\conf.json. Test script is located in <project root>\altalena\iw_run\scripts\test.lua. Inspect the files and change them accordingly to your environment.

Enjoy

 